Stephen Hangluah
Langvin
6793 Innvik
May 07, 2019
OneSubsea
Sandslikroken 140
5254 Sandsli

Job application at a position as Control System Engineer
In the interest of exploring engineer position as Control System Engineer at OneSubsea, I submit my resume for your review.
As you can see from my CV, I have experience in planning for community activities where I have participate in, follow-up of schedule that has planned, and assignment from my college coursework and job experience. This experience includes working with a team to brainstorm new ideas, cooperative with a team and perform independently for some specific issues and presentate the final result. Through the projects from small task to bachelor project, the issues was solve in a way such as designing, mathematical calculation, programming and even in environment perspective. In addition, I worked and actively participate as part of a team in non-profit community. I earned my Bachelor’s Degree in Mechatronic and graduated with good characters. As the application of ABB System 800xA through our bachelor thesis, the thesis has been achieved with an excellent results.
My strong positive skill such as goal-oriented, take into account of human safety, service control, and professional communication skills make me an ideal candidate for a vacant position in Control System Engineer at OneSubsea. I am hard-working, good humor, and preserve the final result  to meet the needs of your clients while representing your firm with the utmost expertise.
Additionally, I would like to mention that I am engaged in organization both in Norwegian society and my ethinic culture. Morever I have experience working with both the young and old people, and not least have a great working capacity and enjoy working with others. Meaning that I am a good coworker, motivator and a team player who is also able to work independelyam. I willing to take on any addition training or to travel as part of the position.
Thank you for your time and consideration. I look forward to meeting with you personally to further discuss the position and my qualifications.  

Sincerely,
Stephen Hangluah